docs: Refresh the update data tutorial (#13641)
apache/druid: docs/tutorials/tutorial-update-data.md

  -->

This tutorial shows you how to update data in a datasource by overwriting existing data and adding new data to the datasource.

## Prerequisites

Before starting this tutorial, download and run Apache Druid on your local machine as described in
the [single-machine quickstart](index.md).

You should also be familiar with the material in the following tutorials:

> * [Tutorial: Loading a file](../tutorials/tutorial-batch.md)

Reviewer: I think we're getting rid of the "Tutorial: " prefix - at least that's what Charles commented on a review of my latest tutorial.

Author: I agree with the change. My preference would be to change this text once the other files get updated so they remain consistent until then.

* [Tutorial: Querying data](../tutorials/tutorial-query.md)
* [Tutorial: Roll-up](../tutorials/tutorial-rollup.md)

> ## Load initial data

Reviewer 2: nit: use of "initial" here seems awkwrd. "Load some data to start?" "Load seed data?"

> Load an initial data set to which you will overwrite and append data.

Reviewer 2: note initial bothers me less here "an initial data set"

Retrieved 3 rows in 1.42s.
```

The datasource contains three rows of data with an `animal` dimension and a `number` metric.

## Overwrite data

> To overwrite the data, you submit another task for the same interval but with different input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite the data, submit another task for the same interval but with different input data.
```

Retrieved 6 rows in 0.02s.
```

## Append data

Now you append data to the datasource without changing the existing data.
Use the ingestion spec located at `quickstart/tutorial/updates-append-index2.json`.

The spec directs Druid to ingest data from `quickstart/tutorial/updates-data4.json` and append it to the `updates-tutorial` datasource. The property `appendToExisting` is set to `true` in this spec.

Submit the task:

```bash
bin/post-index-task --file quickstart/tutorial/updates-append-index2.json --url http://localhost:8081
```

> When the task completes, query the data again. Two additional rows are added after `octopus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid adds two additional rows after `octopus`. When the task completes, query the data again to see them.
```

> Druid does not roll up the new `bear` row with the existing `bear` row because it stored the new data in a separate segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid doesn't roll up the new `bear` row with the existing `bear` row because it stored the new data in a separate segment.
```
Google recommends using contractions:
https://developers.google.com/style/contractions
